Leave first
But why does Zhao Tingchuan's handwriting look familiar?
I seem to be somewhere
Are you ready?
Okay, I'll ask the errand to deliver it to you later.
Mr. Gu has checked it out
It's really fake news.
It was jointly reviewed and sent by the Zhao family.
Zhao family
I'll go back home for a few more days.
They can't take it anymore
You took your surname and broke away from the Zhao family
How can they bear it when their hearts are so high?
I can't stand it
Mr. Gu, do you mean to attack them?
The day after tomorrow is my mother's birthday.
It's not the right time to tear your face with them
Wait a minute, is this the case?
Immediately terminate the cooperation with the review is
You are also very clear about the methods of the Zhao family
If it weren't for a long-winded reminder this time
Maybe we're really going to break up
He's quite loyal
You can decide how much to say
Hello, Mom.
hear through
Is that a birthday present for mom on your desk?
That's right, this dress is so pretty.
Dignified, generous and fit
My birthday dinner the day after tomorrow
I'm dressed just right
Look at the past few years of going abroad
You have a better eye for clothes.
It's better if you pick women
That would be even better.